# Assignment 2 - Ignite Your App

### 1. What is NPM?
  - It is the package manager for JavaScript runtime environment Node.js and frontend application.
  - It is used to download and manage dependencies of JavaScript packages.
- --
### 2. What is 'Parcel/Webpack'?Why do we need it?
  - Parcel/Webpack is the web application bundler that requires zero configuration to build web apps.
  - We need bundler to merge all of our code into smaller files and make an application production ready.
- --
### 3. What is '.parcel-cache'?
  -  It is a cache that is used by parcel to store the information about the application when parcel builds the application. It is reused whenever the parcel rebuild the application so that, parcel doesn't have to reparse every lines from the scratch.
- --
### 4. What is 'npx'?
  - It is simply a NPM package runner. It allows developers to run and execute the JavaScript package without installing the package from NPM registry.
- --
### 5. What is difference between 'dependencies' and 'devDependencies'?
  - Dependencies are the packages/library that is required by application to run on production environment whereas, devDependencies are the dependencies required during the development of the application.
  - For example: reactjs, react-dom are dependencies and parcel, webpack are devDependencies.
- --
### 6. What is Tree shaking?
  - It is the process of removing the dead code from the application to reduce its size for the production.
- --
### 7. What is Hot Module Replacement?
  - It is the process of updating the changes in code to the web browser at runtime without needing to refresh the whole web pages.
- --
### 8. List down your favourite 5 superpowers of Parcel and describe any 3 of them in your own words.
  - Hot Reloading: Parcel automatically build the changes in the files and reflect the changes without restarting the server.
  - Tree Shaking: Parcel will remove the dead code from the application and decreases the size of application.
  - Lazy Mode: Parcel can defer building files until they are requested in the browser which significantly reduces the development build times.
  - Caching
  - Https
- --
### 9. What is '.gitignore'? What should we add and not add into it?
  - .gitignore is a file located at the root level of the application that is used to ignore the files and folder not required to be pushed to the git repository.
  - Files like .env, node_modules, cache folder, build folder etc are added to the .gitignore whereas the files where we write our should not be included on gitignore.
- --
### 10. What is the difference between package.json and package-lock.json?
  - package.json is a metadata file that contains all the project's dependencies with versions, scripts and other configuration. It will be used by Node to install all the dependencies required to run the project.
  - package-lock.json is the file automatically generated by npm when install command is used. It records the exact version of every installed dependencies including its sub-dependencies for the project. Its main purpose is to install consistent dependencies version across all the environment.
- --
### 11. Why should I not modify package-lock.json?
  - Since package-lock.json contains the exact version of the dependencies to be installed and it does not allow other version of dependencies to be installed even if new version of that particular verion in avaliable.
- --
### 12. What is node_modules? Is it a good idea to push that on git?
  - It is a folder that holds all the javascript module that are required for the project to run. It is automatically created and updated by npm.
  - It is not a good idea to push node_modules to git as it contains the large number of files and folder.
- --
### 13. What is the dist folder?
  - dist is the folder generated by bundler to either run or build the application for development and production environment respectively.
- --
### 14. What is browserlists?
  - 